Added to FAQ : Everyone can submit package (#1435)
conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io: src/maintainer/maintainer_faq.rst

You are seeing this error message because by default, conda-build uses conda-verify to ensure that your recipe and package meet some minimum sanity checks. 
This message can be safely ignored as conda-forge doesn't use conda-verify. 

      .. _mfaq_package_submit:

:ref:`(Q) <mfaq_package_submit>` **Is it necessary for me to be a maintainer of the package I submit to Conda-forge?**

> 	Everybody can submit a package to Conda-forge, irrespective of whether they maintain it or not. Its not required but considered a good practice to inform the upstream of a new package and invite them to be the maintainers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Everybody can submit a package to Conda-forge, irrespective of whether they maintain it or not. Additionally, it’s not required but considered a good practice to inform the upstream of a new package and invite them to be maintainers as well.
```
I would just clarify that they can become maintainers too, not become the only maintainers.

Author: Oh sure. Commited the suggested changes :)

Reviewer: Awesome, thanks!

    The exit code 139 itself actually is the general exit code for a segmentation fault. This could also mean that you have run into a different issue but the above issue is the most likely one with our CentOS 6-based images.

.. _mfaq_package_submit:

> :ref:`(Q) <mfaq_package_submit>` **Is it necessary for me to be a maintainer of the package I submit to Conda-forge?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`(Q) <mfaq_package_submit>` **Is it necessary for me to be an upstream maintainer of the package I submit to Conda-forge?**
```
Is there a standard nomenclature here? Upstream seems common but original is also sometimes used. @viniciusdc

Reviewer 2: afaik no, but I think that the upstream addition took care of the problem already :smile:

> 	Everybody can submit a package to Conda-forge, irrespective of whether they maintain it or not. Additionally, it’s not required but considered a good practice to inform the upstream of a new package and invite them to be maintainers as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Everybody can submit a package to Conda-forge, irrespective of whether they maintain the upstream version or not. Additionally, it’s not required but considered good practice to inform the upstream of a new package and invite them to be maintainers as well.
```
(Or package instead of version?)

Reviewer 2: nah, I think that's good
